Date: 4 may 2011 20:19

# iMacs are laptops

[iMacs, Mac Pros, and
laptops](http://www.marco.org/2011/05/04/imac-vs-mac-pro-vs-macbook-pro):

> Every Mac Pro revision after its introduction in 2006 has raised the prices
> of the midrange configurations. Mac Pros are now so expensive that almost
> nobody like me — geeks who like big, fast, expandable desktops but don’t do
> many long-running CPU-bound tasks, like video processing, for a living — can
> afford or justify them. Sure, I’ve gotten three solid years of use (so far)
> out of this one and it’s still doing fine, but it was also only $2800 for the
> mid-speed dual-socket model. (The similarly positioned model in today’s
> lineup is $5000 and is approximately 2.5 times as fast, which, while
> impressive, isn’t as far ahead as I’d like it to be for that price.)

This pretty much sums up why I gave up on the Mac. I was no longer interested
in having a huge 24" laptop. I was tired of having 4 external drives besides
the iMac. The overall noise level around my desk has decreased by not having
all those drives (amongst which was a Drobo with a rattling fan) there.

And the Mac Pro is just unjustifiably expensive. I'm now running on a
home-built desktop, Sandy Bridge i7, lotsa RAM, and an SSD. Ubuntu, with a
Windows partition for Lightroom and Photoshop (okay, and games). I hope one day
Adobe will release their software for Linux too, but I can boot Windows from
within Linux, and I can boot Linux from within Windows, so all in all it
doesn't really matter too much which operating system I happen to have booted
up natively.